
logo
Careers
About AMD
Student Programs
Benefits
Job Categories
Global Jobs
Returning User Login
Our recruiters never use personal emails, ask for fees, make offers via text, charge for resume reviews, or request personal ID documents during the application process. Learn how to protect yourself from job scams and report suspicious activity here.

AMD Employees: Visit the Internal Careers Site to refer candidates or explore new opportunities.
Back
Software Development Eng.
Austin, Texas
Engineering
75260
USD $163,760.00/Yr.
USD $245,640.00/Yr.
mail_outline
Get future jobs matching this search
or
Job Description


WHAT YOU DO AT AMD CHANGES EVERYTHING 
At AMD, our mission is to build great products that accelerate next-generation computing experiences—from AI and data centers, to PCs, gaming and embedded systems. Grounded in a culture of innovation and collaboration, we believe real progress comes from bold ideas, human ingenuity and a shared passion to create something extraordinary. When you join AMD, you’ll discover the real differentiator is our culture. We push the limits of innovation to solve the world’s most important challenges—striving for execution excellence, while being direct, humble, collaborative, and inclusive of diverse perspectives. Join us as we shape the future of AI and beyond.  Together, we advance your career.  

 
THE ROLE: 
AMD is looking for an influential software engineer who is passionate about improving the performance of key applications and benchmarks. You will be a member of a core team of incredibly talented industry specialists and will work with the very latest hardware and software technology.  
 
THE PERSON: 
The ideal candidate should be passionate about software engineering and possess leadership skills to drive sophisticated issues to resolution. Able to communicate effectively and work optimally with different teams across AMD.  
 
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Build scalable, secure, and maintainable web applications using Python frameworks such as Django, Flask or FastAPI.
Design and optimize relational and/or NoSQL databases, ensuring data integrity and performance.
Set up and maintain automated build, test, and deployment pipelines using tools like GitHub Actions, Jenkins, or Azure DevOps.
Deploy and manage applications on cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, or GCP), including containerization with Docker, orchestration with Kubernetes or Ansible.
Implement logging, monitoring, and alerting solutions; troubleshoot performance bottlenecks.
Apply best practices for application and infrastructure security, including secrets management and vulnerability assessments.
Work closely with cross-functional teams and maintain clear technical documentation. 
 
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE: 
Strong object-oriented programming background, Python preferred 
Ability to write high quality code with a keen attention to detail 
Experience with modern concurrent programming and threading APIs 
Experience with Windows, Linux and/or Android operating system development  
Experience with software development processes and tools such as debuggers, source code control systems (GitHub) and profilers is a plus 
Effective communication and problem-solving skills 
Motivating leader with good interpersonal skills
 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS: 
Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent 

#LI-G11
 
#LI-HYBRID
 


Benefits offered are described:  AMD benefits at a glance.
 
AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.   We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process.
 
AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position.  AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here.
 
This posting is for an existing vacancy.
Apply

Not ready to apply?

Let’s stay in touch!

Connect With Us
 discord-logo
Company

About AMD
Management Team
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
Contact Us
News & Events

Newsroom
Events
Media Library
Resources

Developer Central
Blogs
Case Studies
Webinars
Partners

AMD Partner Hub
Authorized Distributors
AMD University Program
Investors

Investor Relations
Financial Information
Board of Directors
Governance Documents
SEC Filings
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Trademarks
Supply Chain Transparency
Fair & Open Competition
UK Tax Strategy
Cookies Policy
Cookie Settings
©2026 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.